============================================================================
Terms of Use
============================================================================

1. These plugins may be used in free or commercial games provided that they
have been acquired through legitimate means at VisuStella.com and/or any
other official approved VisuStella sources. Exceptions and special
circumstances that may prohibit usage will be listed on VisuStella.com.

2. All of the listed coders found in the Credits section of this plugin must
be given credit in your games or credited as a collective under the name:
"VisuStella".

3. You may edit the source code to suit your needs, so long as you do not
claim the source code belongs to you. VisuStella also does not take
responsibility for the plugin if any changes have been made to the plugin's
code, nor does VisuStella take responsibility for user-provided custom code
used for custom control effects including advanced JavaScript notetags
and/or plugin parameters that allow custom JavaScript code.

4. You may NOT redistribute these plugins nor take code from this plugin to
use as your own. These plugins and their code are only to be downloaded from
VisuStella.com and other official/approved VisuStella sources. A list of
official/approved sources can also be found on VisuStella.com.

5. VisuStella is not responsible for problems found in your game due to
unintended usage, incompatibility problems with plugins outside of the
VisuStella MZ library, plugin versions that aren't up to date, nor
responsible for the proper working of compatibility patches made by any
third parties. VisuStella is not responsible for errors caused by any
user-provided custom code used for custom control effects including advanced
JavaScript notetags and/or plugin parameters that allow JavaScript code.

6. If a compatibility patch needs to be made through a third party that is
unaffiliated with VisuStella that involves using code from the VisuStella MZ
library, contact must be made with a member from VisuStella and have it
approved. The patch would be placed on VisuStella.com as a free download
to the public. Such patches cannot be sold for monetary gain, including
commissions, crowdfunding, and/or donations.

7. If this VisuStella MZ plugin is a paid product, all project team members
must purchase their own individual copies of the paid product if they are to
use it. Usage includes working on related game mechanics, managing related
code, and/or using related Plugin Commands and features. Redistribution of
the plugin and/or its code to other members of the team is NOT allowed
unless they own the plugin itself as that conflicts with Article 4.

8. Any extensions and/or addendums made to this plugin's Terms of Use can be
found on VisuStella.com and must be followed.



============================================================================
End of Terms of Use
============================================================================